DOC Clearer linear "get your development environment" setup documentation (#32509)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/development_setup.rst

          Conda-forge provides a conda-based distribution of
          Python and the most popular scientific libraries.
          Create a new conda environment with the required python packages:

          .. prompt::

            conda create -n sklearn-dev -c conda-forge python \
              numpy scipy cython meson-python ninja \
              pytest pytest-cov ruff==0.11.2 mypy numpydoc \
              joblib threadpoolctl compilers llvm-openmp

          and activate the newly created conda environment:

          .. prompt::

            conda activate sklearn-dev

    .. tab-item:: Linux
      :class-label: tab-4

      .. tab-set::
        :class: tabs-package-manager

        .. tab-item:: pip
          :class-label: tab-6
          :sync: package-manager-pip

          To check your installed Python version, run:

          .. prompt::

            python3 --version

          If you don't have Python |PythonMinVersion| or later, please install `python3` from your
          distribution's package manager.

          Next, you need to have a working C/C++ compiler with OpenMP support.

>           Install the build dependencies for **Debian-based operating systems, e.g. Ubuntu**:

Reviewer: Maybe that's just me, but this line confuses me. Interpreting it a bit, I think it means depending on which linux distribution I use, I need to adjust the following command to fit the package manager used on my system.

But it reads like no matter which linux distribution I use, I necessarily need to run the `apt-get `command. Or, it can be also misread as: if I don't use a debian based distribution, I cannot continue with the setup.

Author: I agree that this part needs some more adjustments. I copied what was already there to start with, but I agree that these things need to be updated accordingly. The Red Hat command mixes compilers and (some) packages (should the rest be installed with pip?), the ARM version contains nothing specific about compilers (but might require the same install command as Debian above?) and also says nothing about whether the remaining packages can/should then be installed with pip.

Reviewer: It could be something like:

```suggestion
          Install the build dependencies for your system, for instance if you are 
          using a debian-based operating system (e.g. Ubuntu), use:
```

getting rid of the strange bold text.
